review notes.

Abstract - quite boring, ofc software development not news that software development has problems - change least of all change and requirements engineering.

Title a bit weird compared to what you're talking about in the introduction

Why agile? Why single it out?

Introduction Notes:
Surely this is covered in vast detail elsewhere? What's your unique take on this?



The paper seems very confused, requirements change constantly. The change management course was discussing change in general in an organistaion and I don't think it applies to this kind of "change" in requirements. Certainly, the authors never mention or call requirements a "continuous change"

Check orlikowski and hoffman - Do they really say requirements change fast and often

By the time I get to the methodology I know nothing about where the study is taking place, what the main questions are.


It is hard to get a person who have worked with software development for so long so there was no need to interview another person with less experience.

Industrial partner - Close quotation mark?????



Conclusion - the sub titles are not really needed, surely the paragraphs should speak for themselves?

First para - That's not a conclusion, it's a statement, it needs some kind of evidence, why is this needed? Who said so? Why are you even bringing this up?

2nd - What does this show? Why is it a good process? (You explain how)

3rd - Fair enough but what evidence do you have? You're not drawing up any of your results here at all

4th - You only start to conclude here, at least it reads that way.
You didn't say what you found out
You didn't answer your question - Which was missing anyway
You said where the changes occur, OK, but what does that have to do with change management?
Was the question to decide if findwise were up to date with CM theories?


Might have been nice to use some of those statistics in the reasoning?



Grammar - Needs work a fair bit of work. Many mistakes (I realise you're not native English speakers but nonetheless)
Spacing, alignment etc need work